oath will start
lack
will the ghost hunters retrieve it?
just do not worry, if someone is able
so few ghosts if these same ones are not afraid of anything
I i i
I guess we can not go home so soon, right?
since my height
I will not miss it, I think I can not stop giving the vaccine
I
the time it serves as poker with inpe
April
on the net is a little on the field
it's the event
never
will not
How fantastic in wonder if you miss
the time the Hindu goddess my dear and miserable course
I just do not care
no no no if you are
good that the characteristics of the face
zero hour and a half
abc
the mayor to take the oath with my grandfather and the other nine citizens
in danger
I want to thank you again for hunting ghosts I mean
very much for me to see the American citizen here especially in that area at the feet
of the Statue of Liberty
and now the moment is that we were all waiting
so much
the oaths of new American citizens
who came from different places in the world but before the re-inauguration of
restored statue of liberty is a pleasure this statue has rebelled
originally a
hundreds of free citizens of the square
the statue that symbolizes everything that appeared in the state
the model that has represented hope with people worldwide
ladies and gentlemen with possible
the Statue of Liberty
not
for her
high pressure
then if a law no.
they can not remain on the island of freedom of the state's press.
freedom I think there is a law
I was scared as he said
the law could not apply to the defendant was
you're
the state will review
on the back but disappointing we let Mr. malik yoba sixth underneath
of our noses
we were defeated
all have been defeated
only comes at a time when it separates from trying
if something tells me you will not stop trying
your people
thank you very much
because it always happens to us the leader because
that's it
What is this? Why?
but not because
maybe she can help us
but
elsa gouveia we wanted
there is nothing to say - and here is the people the new series on the
disappearance of the statue of freedom without angle and can find it in the
Crystal I did not expect
who is the fear that may be
the statue of liberty is in the neighborhood dirceu can be bruno
stealing one of the goals we'll be here if she was there
if my glass ball people who are killing
in italy being in paia bay
same
try others maybe
under the bay of Bethlehem and what we are waiting for
beyond the band
pulled
d
I give 6 3 as to the style of the singer
there goes in a shed advantage on the central avenue in res judicata
now it's okay to be good thing there is one to make it feel better for
the new thoughts go to inspection throughout the series b I'm in
my house the garage and never heard of action was filed oilcloth
something serious to see
the protocol
only one carcass in a beautiful halter with a halter
is to this is the kind of place that there is a law - area
the people are right
give a check I hate to bring this up my friends more how is that
We're going to do it like this.
belém - the people
my other son with me apologize
thank you
now you can not pay anything else so you're improving
now let's go with the project
that's why we'll see
ninety days
I had to stay a little because of this, you need a law that has the crop
in season
fourth head of the friend
the minority medals of the school games of rondônia joer is a very thing
weird around here
so it is difficult to predict
in rio ceará was my friend
ef
ae
and then people who are going to do it now
the ghost cup
what these people showed the face
is our best chance of it your government ghost knows of the diet version
so if the husband has already won from us
We'll only be beaten if we stop trying.
drowned
Is not it there?
right
less
we do not have time to miss the ceremony will start soon the president
of pbtur renew contract
O
Rafael
that's what happens with the tightening
fish
This is going to
out - February 19 to March
after seeing the kids to make way for the renault brand will open inscriptions
for the 1st fest
ef
However
government lula
already renato rabelo and george harrison gaúcho braga
the host of
Paulo
I share with you wrote
This time we have traced again
early